it feel like just a few day ago it be the last day of school . now it is the end of july . neutral face
i love my mom . no matter what we go through , no matter how much we argue , because i know , at the end , she will always be there .
bump that music ... i am try to sleep
mexican and black joke be pretty much the same . once you have hear juan , you have hear jamal .
how to find work you love :
@user : you know what i like to do ? answer my own question . " @user
you seem like a basketball player ! — i be thank you !
just because you say swag in every other sentence doesnt mean you have it .
if i have my license the only thing i would use it for be mcdonalds at 3am
when people give me direction i tend to concentrate very hard on try to look attentive and i forget to listen .
@user @user we love you ! stay safe wherever you be !
retweet every country have an independence day except britain because they are the one everyone be seek independence from
some day , i practice positive think . other day , i am not positive i be think .
guy ! guy ! guy ! guy ! when we wake up we can bingewatch @user smiling face with horns to . excite . to . sleep
get gas and then i am start the drive back to okc . cannot wait to be home ! miss good old ok !
i love it when the bus smell like cat piss and dirty laundry ! winnipeg transit winnipeg
do the meet the press roundtable just all collectively ignore the fingerprint of the paris attacker that come through greece ? really ?
i am so over this bitch sinclair glad she fell off the damn roof face with tears of joy
hear your favorite song on the radio be more excite than on your ipod .
@user @user and so ? do you act to change something du ring your term ?
mine and @user texting conversation right now be so beyond serious think it really sarcastic a well . how the hell do that work ?
the count with and family . one love
me like your selfie could either mean " that is a nice picture friend " or " i want to bend you over a table " but you will never know
the tray be 7 " black heart suit 11 " with a design influence by mondrian . great for serve drink or snack , organize thing
you take a piece of me and i let you . and that will never happen again . " cristina yang
cannot wait until this weekend tired face one hell of a night be saturday person bowing deeply
@user yeah there go the dishonest medium report yet again . she be lose and amp ; her e-mail scandal r reveal how disgust she be .
love mean never be able to like another girl selfie on instagram ever again .
me " when do you have class " bay " uhh noon , wait no noon-thirty @user
my mom say my job be to keep dad calm during the game . challenge accept
i only shave one leg this morning so that is how i am do
do you ever say something so bitchy and your like damn i need to chill laugh out loud
you say you do not care but you can see the hurt in your eye
son : hey dad ! i get a girlfriend ! dad : nice son , be she hot ? son : hell yeah ! girl : hey dad ! i get a boyfriend ! dad : * load shotgun *
yay saturday will be so much fun oh my god cannot wait smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes
@user @user just admit your bald , and stop fake tan you look ridiculous . older men be sexy , go natural
man , i love my family
laugh out loud it is so funny when my dad start race with these other car
a the sub zero temperature arrive this weekend , make sure you dress accordingly for rid . get those layer on and stay safe !
i wake up next to my girl without make up and think i cheat on her .
laugh out loud they play the warrior game at practice
i do not know how to feel about these bandwagon stans like i am glad that j be adore by the doctor again but i am gonna need some of these hoe to fall back
@user ... oh yes i just do ! face with stuck-out tongue and winking eye grinning face with smiling eyes i am a cunt cold blood bitch ha haha not
@user know how to stop house discrimination because of how many time he is commit it . why is not that part of his pitch ?
when a white girl be drink she will hit you , hate you , love you and suck your dick all in the same 22 minute
i cannot wait to be do with high school it is honestly so old
i want to boyfriend who tell me i am more than gorgeous laugh out loud
taste w your eye , ear , lip and touch 2 know deep satisfaction and understand . dream peace . jane bernrd retweet
@user not until you feel the sting of disappointment when your roommate express apathy towards your favorite thing
@user it is cool see rob on the show tell him i say congratulation on become a father
i absolutely love walk behind smoker ... not you nasty
@user love how @user bring so many family together ! simply magical smiling face with open mouth mangia moment
investigator say this van be the 3rd fire intentionally set overnight in auburn
game of throne tease jon snow return
i am a better look person with short hair but i feel like i look closer to a serial killer with it
wait holy shit tomorrow be the last day of school before break and i have zero test and no homework fuck i love my life
hoe so quick to jump on the bandwagon laugh my ass off
wake up to this amaze poster of bajirao mastani . love the look in priyanka eye !
anyways , he tell me to go home first because he might finish late ... bore .
oh well . no sense in get upset about it
@user rich , best if you stick to under water water basket weave . joking , love your work .
eagle backup qb lewis look forward to dress on sunday via @user
all of the best ( and worst ) car on the floor at this year la auto show
@user i think i am probably gonna wake up late tomorrow but who care
laugh my ass off this shit switch side real quick
sometimes it is better to lose an argument than lose someone you love
welcome back sinus and double ear infection . you be miss . not not again get me out of here
some love story are not epic novel , some be short story . but that does not make them any le fill with love sex and the city
anyone else want to let me know they get a cardiff ticket , that would be fantastic thank ...
! " @user : practice be cancel would be a gift from god "
back in this bitch and i am back on my shit man they tell me be humble i am cocky a hell
@user so hunt be hide it , but luckily @user £350m extra a week brexit pledge will save the @user , right ? right ?
tacoma update and also i need to charge my phone .
oldie 104 stream your favorite ! be now play endless sleep
see someone slowly lose interest in you be one of the worst thing ever
@user you all ever think about get danny phantom a a property ? i would buy the hell out of that comic .
@user if that mean you promise to move to the uk forever and never come back , i promise to vote for you . @user
odd sock . neither of which have the correct day on them . that is how i roll . rebel odd sock
we are here because of rid . rid bring you together . " inside the mind of a rider @user
i think the best personality trait a person can have be when they are both ungrateful and self entitle , it is just awesome . not pouting face
oh my god wake up to see this . you just make my day great ! thanks smiling face with smiling eyes love them so much deyna forever nashville
retweet guess the country every city have atleast 10 engineer college ! an : india * bingo *
* wear a dress * " who you look good for ? " me : no one , i be too lazy to match 2 piece of clothe so here i be
pokemon go have officially be download more time than tinder . think about that , a game app have surpass an app that can get you lay !
sexy saturday happy birthday to me not hurt
realtree romeo and genuine gent be literally the biggest piece of shit i have ever see on twitter . not sorry
if people want bareback , they do not have any problem with hi v . some people love bareback . i would not want it no other way . bb h
yummy @user @user @user veg newsletter zucchini
on the bus so bore american dream not
always love sleep in and miss the bus face with tears of joy face with tears of joy worried face
the @user heisman house be open at @user fan fest . td celebration , ou winner , picture with the trophy and more !
ulster bank provide generous ? 25 incident credit to all those out of pocket for week ! sham ulster bank
world turn by @user world/fusion film make royalty free music
i could really careless about you .
if you force a hocker to have sex with you be that consider rape ? or shoplift
@user i have be on a win streak smiling face with smiling eyes
nothing like a little biochem in the morning
listen to smoke one ( prod . by astray ) by hatch np on sound cloud fl a a tfl a at
should we follow our president on insta ? not @user haha
we have have such a fantastic day today . lo be 3 ! we have a big party with friend and family . feel very bless today smiling face with smiling eyes
