It feels like just a few days ago it was the last day of school . Now it's the end of July .
I love my mom . No matter what we go through , no matter how much we argue , because I know , at the end , she'll always be there .
Bump that music ...
Mexican and black jokes are pretty much the same . Once you've heard Juan , you've heard Jamal .
How to find work you love :
: You know what I like to do ? Answer my own questions . "
You seem like a basketball player ! — I am Thank you !
Just because you say Swag in every other sentence doesnt mean you have it .
if i had my license the only thing i'd use it for is mcdonalds at 3am
When people give me directions I tend to concentrate very hard on trying to look attentive and I forget to listen .
WE LOVE YOU ! STAY SAFE WHEREVER YOU ARE !
RT Every country has an Independence Day except Britain because they're the one's everyone was seeking Independence from
Some days , I practice positive thinking . Other days , I'm not positive I am thinking .
Guys ! Guys ! Guys ! GUYS ! When we wake up we can bingewatch To . Excited . To . Sleep
Getting gas and then I'm starting the drive back to OKC . Can't wait to be home ! Missing good old OK !
I love it when the bus smells like cat piss and dirty laundry !
Did the Meet the Press roundtable just all collectively ignore the fingerprints of the Paris attacker that came through Greece ? Really ?
I'm so over this bitch Sinclair glad she fell off the damn roof
Hearing your favorite song on the radio is more exciting than on your iPod .
and So ? Did you act to change something du ring your terms ?
Mine and texting conversation right now is so beyond serious thought its really sarcastic as well . How the hell does that work ?
The count with and family .
me liking your selfie could either mean " that's a nice picture friend " or " i want to bend you over a table " but you'll never know
The tray is 7 " x 11 " with a design influenced by Mondrian . Great for serving drinks or snacks , organizing things
You took a piece of me and I let you . And that will never happen again . " - Cristina Yang
Can't wait til this weekend is Saturday
yeah there goes the dishonest media reports yet again . She is losing &amp; her e-mail scandals r revealing how disgusting she is .
Love means never being able to like another girl's selfie on Instagram ever again .
Me - " when do you have class " Bay - " uhh noon , wait no noon-thirty
My Mom says my job is to keep dad calm during the game .
I only shaved one leg this morning so that's how I'm doing
do u ever say something so bitchy and ur like damn i need to chill lol
you say you don't care but you can see the hurt in your eyes
Son : Hey dad ! I got a girlfriend ! Dad : Nice son , is she hot ? Son : Hell yeah ! Girl : Hey Dad ! I got a boyfriend ! Dad : *Loads shotgun *
Yay Saturday will be so much fun omg can't wait
just admit your bald, and stop fake tanning you look ridiculous . Older men are sexy, go natural
Man , I love my family
Lol it's so funny when my dad starts racing with these other cars
As the sub zero temperatures arrive this weekend , make sure you dress accordingly for rides . Get those layers on and stay safe !
I woke up next to my girl without make up & thought I cheated on her .
Lol they played the warriors game at practice
idk how to feel about these bandwagon stans like i'm glad that J is adored by the GP again but im gonna need some of these hoes to fall back
... Oh YES I just did !
knows how to stop housing discrimination because of how many times he's committed it . Why isn't that part of his pitch ?
When a white girl is drunk she'll hit you , hate you , love you and suck your dick all in the same 22 minutes
I can't wait to be done with high school it's honestly so old
I wanna boyfriend who tells me I'm more than gorgeous lol
Taste w ur eye , ears , lips & touch 2 know deep satisfaction & understanding . Dream Peace . RT
Not until you feel the sting of disappointment when your roommate expresses apathy towards your favorite things
it's cool seeing Rob on the show tell him I said congratulations on becoming a father
I absolutely love walking behind smokers ...
love how brings so many family's together ! Simply magical :)
Investigators say this van was the 3rd fire intentionally set overnight in Auburn
Game of Thrones teases Jon Snow return
I'm a better looking person with short hair but I feel like I look closer to a serial killer with it
WAIT HOLY SHIT TOMORROW IS THE LAST DAY OF SCHOOL BEFORE BREAK AND I HAVE ZERO TESTS AND NO HOMEWORK FUCK I LOVE MY LIFE
hoes so quick to jump on the bandwagon lmaoo
Woke up to this amazing poster of . Love the look in Priyanka's eyes !
Anyways , he told me to go home first cuz he might finish late ... Boring .
Oh well . No sense in getting upset about it
Rich , best if you stick to under water water basket weaving . Jk , love your work .
backup QB Lewis looking forward to dressing on Sunday via
All of the best (and worst ) cars on the floor at this year's LA Auto Show
i think im probably gonna wake up late tomorrow but who cares
Lmao this shit switched sides real quick
sometimes it's better to lose an argument than lose someone you love
welcome back sinus & double ear infection . you were missed .
Some love stories aren't epic novels , some are short stories . But that doesn't make them any less filled with love
Anyone else wanna let me know they got a Cardiff ticket , that would be fantastic thanks ...
! " : Practice being cancelled would be a gift from god "
back in this bitch & i'm back on my shit man they tell me be humble i'm cocky as hell
so Hunt is hiding it , but luckily £350m extra a week brexit pledge will save the , right ? right ?
Tacoma update and also I need to charge my phone .
Oldies 104 - Streaming Your Favorites ! is Endless Sleep
Seeing someone slowly lose interest in you is one of the worst things ever
y'all ever think about getting Danny Phantom as a property ? I'd buy the hell out of that comic .
If that means you promise to move to the UK forever and never come back, I promise to vote for you .
Odd . Neither of which has the correct day on them . THAT'S how I roll .
We're here because of riding . Riding brings us together . " Inside the mind of a rider
I think the best personality trait a person can have is when they're both ungrateful AND self entitled , it's just awesome .
OMG woke up to see this . You just made my day great ! Thanx love them sooo much
RT Guess the country - Every city has atleast 10 engineering colleges ! Ans : INDIA *bingo *
*wears a dress* " Who you looking good for ? " Me : no one , I was too lazy to match 2 pieces of clothing so here I am
has officially been downloaded more times than . Think about that , a app has surpassed an app that can get you laid !

Realtree Romeo and genuine gent are literally the biggest pieces of shit I've ever seen on twitter .
If people want bareback , they don't have any problems with . Some people love . I wouldn't want it no other way .
Yummy
On the bus so boring
Always love sleeping in and missing the bus
The is open at Fan Fest . TD celebrations , OU's winners , pics with the trophy & more !
Ulster bank provide generous ?25 incident credit to all those out of pocket for weeks !
World Turning by - World/Fusion
I could really careless about you .
If you force a hocker to have sex with you is that consider rape ? Or shoplifting
I've been on a winning streak
Nothing like a little Biochem in the morning
Listen to Smoke One (Prod . by Astray ) by Hatch on
Should we follow our president on insta ? hahaha
We have had such a fantastic day today . LO was 3 ! We had a big party with friends and family . Feeling very blessed today